Welcome to the Google all pairs similarity search package!

This package provides a fast implementation of the "All-Pairs-Binary"
algorithm described in the following paper:

R. J. Bayardo, Yiming Ma, Ramakrishnan Srikant. Scaling Up All-Pairs
Similarity Search. In Proc. of the 16th Int'l Conf. on World Wide Web,
131-140, 2007. (download from: http://www.bayardo.org/ps/www2007.pdf)

BUILDING

To build the code you should also download the google-sparsehash
package. You may have to update the Makefile CFLAGS within this
package to properly specify the location of the sparsehash header
files.  Once you do this, typing "make" in the directory containing
the code of this package should create the executable.

If you'd rather not use the google sparsehash library, it is
straightforward to modify the algorithm to use STL hash_map and
hash_set in place of the sparsehash implementations.

DATASET FORMAT

The dataset format expected by the algorithm is "apriori binary."  In
an apriori binary encoded dataset, each vector has the following
format where each component is encoded as a raw 4-byte integer:

<record id> <number of features> <fid 1> <fid 2> ... <fid n>

(Endiannness of the integers should match that of your platform,
e.g. little-endian for Intel x86 architectures.)

Record ids can be arbitrary integers. Feature ids should be assigned
such that feature id "i" corresponds to the "ith" least frequently
occuring feature in the dataset.  For example, the feature with id
whose integer value is "1" should be the least frequently occurring
value in the dataset.  Feature ids within a vector should then appear
in increasing order of their id.

Records in the dataset should appear in order of increasing vector
size (a vector's size is its number of features.)

It is easy to extend the algorithm to read CSV formatted data if
desired.

You can download the apriori-binary little-endian encoded dblp dataset
from the Downloads section of
http://code.google.com/p/google-all-pairs-similarity-search/


RUNNING THE ALGORITHM

To run the algorithm, simply type:

./ap <sim_threshold> <dataset_path>

For example, to mine all pairs of vectors with .9 or higher cosine
similarity from the dblp dataset, you might type:

./ap .9 /mydata/dblp_le.bin

